docs: add release sequence to RELEASE.md (#381)
containerd/runwasi: RELEASE.md

This triggers the [release](.github/workflows/release.yml) GitHub Actions workflow.

In the future we may include a workflow for tagging the release but for now this is manual.

The workflow performs the following steps:
- Build the crate to be released (determined by the tag)
- Run the tests for that crate (and only that crate!)
- Build any associated release artifacts (e.g. the containerd-shim-wasmtime crate includes several binaries).
- Publish the crate to crates.io

### Crate Release Sequence
1. `containerd-shim-wasm-test-modules`
2. `containerd-shim-wasm`
3. All runtime-related crates.

The workflow utilizes a bot account (@containerd-runwasi-release-bot) to publish the crate to crates.io. The bot account is only used to get a limited-scope API token to publish the crate on crates.io. The token is stored as a secret in the repository and is only used by the release workflow.

## Local Development vs. Release
Locally, crates reference local paths. During release, they target published versions. Use both `path` and `version` fields in your Cargo.toml:

e.g.

```toml
containerd-shim-wasm = { path = "crates/containerd-shim-wasm", version = "0.4.0" }
```

## Steps

> 1. Open a PR to bump crate version abd dependency versions in `Cargo.toml` for that crate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a PR to bump crate versions and dependency versions in `Cargo.toml` for that crate
```
